Remove Dockerfile and VARIANT argument, update README, start using (#5)
pamelafox/python-project-template: README.md

The checks and tests are all run using Github actions on every pull request and merge to main.

> This repository is setup for Python 3.11. To customize that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is setup for Python 3.11. To change the version:
```

1. Change the `image` argument in `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` (see [https://github.com/devcontainers/images/tree/main/src/python](https://github.com/devcontainers/images/tree/main/src/python#configuration) for a list of pre-built Docker images)

> 1. change the config options in `.precommit-config.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the config options in `.precommit-config.yaml`
```

> 1. change the version number in `.github/workflows/python.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the version number in `.github/workflows/python.yaml`
```
